the Zoomers some of them have figured
out that the country is a scam they
invent mental health ailments they don't
have they take days off on end they
terrify their superiors they found the
flaw in the system they go why are you
late they go I'm gay you go don't worry
about it are we still on
YouTube Tim Dylan he's a comic icon a
master of improv one the best in the
world I like making people laugh at
stuff that is inherently maybe a little
darker because from 13 to 25 I was a
closeted gay cocaine addict but some of
our best qualities don't come about
because of the best reasons there's no
one better at those random rants Tim
there's a lot of topics I want to go
through with you and the first is the
future of AI we've bred some of the
least interesting people on the planet
influencers these generic barcodes with
feet those people don't need to exist
they need to be replaced by an AI
version of that what's your assessment
of different Generations we've given up
on the children they're being raised by
algorithms the Boomers they are the
funniest generation because to be funny
you kind of have to just not care and
there's no generation of people that
have cared less about the future of this
planet about their children and then the
Millennials were this very shitty
generation of like want to constantly be
patted on the back and told how great
they are I believe the right things I
tweeted the right thing I am
good I know that's unpopular maybe to
say but I'll just keep
going
before this episode starts I have a
small favor to ask from you two months
ago 74% of people that watched this
channel didn't subscribe we're now down
to
69% my goal is 50% so if you've ever
liked any of the videos we've posted if
you like this channel can you do me a
quick favor and hit the Subscribe button
it helps this channel more than you know
and the bigger the channel gets as
you've seen the bigger the guests get
thank you and enjoy this
[Music]
episode
Tim I've watched you for many a year now
and I think you're one of the most
exceptional interesting
provocative talented comedians because
you have a remarkable ability to to to
improvise it seems well thank you and I
wonder how someone learns to do that
where does that Talent come from
I was a a closeted gay cocaine addict
for many years um you really have to be
good on your feet when you are uh a
closeted gay cocaine addict from like 13
to 25 you you're going to run into
situations where you're going to need to
uh lie and you're going to need to be
able to kind of uh you know
filibuster and uh I guess I got good at
it then
I was always good at talking but I think
that was good that kind of allowed me to
think on my feet more than other people
would have to perhaps not always for the
best reasons some of our best qualities
don't come about because of the best
reasons but it's good that I have that
quality now I
guess do you know Jimmy I don't know him
personally I I I Adore his comedy and
he's like a an amazing comedian but I
don't I don't know if we've met I was
sat here with him two weeks ago and he
said to me he says Steve when you meet a
comedian you don't ask a comedian if
they're depressed you ask them which one
of their parents is depressed that's a
good way to say it sure well my mother
was a schizophrenic so I tend to think
on the mental illness hierarchy she was
kind of kind of the gold standard
whereas depression all due respect is
slightly less um and then I think my
father might have been on and off
depressed but schizophrenia was the that
was the um you know Central challenge in
her
life for people that don't know what
that is or haven't experienced it what
is how does it sort of manifest being
schizophrenic especially for you as a
you know 10-year-old when you have a
schizophrenic parent yeah it started to
really come out when when I was about 13
and 12 or 13 um it's a lot of paranoia
it's a lot of
confusion that as a child you're trying
to contextualize you don't really
understand why your mother is talking
about people following her or these
Grand elaborate uh stories that aren't
true and even at 12 or 13 you know
they're not true and you're worried for
her because physical illness is very
easy to kind of understand as a child
because you know somebody's get sick as
a child you get sick so you get it
mental illness is much tougher to
understand as a child you only really
start to understand it as you go through
life and when you become more of an
adult you start to look back at it
because you've had your own mental
struggles you know people that have had
mental struggles at 12 you really don't
for most 12-year-olds so it's something
that I've understood more as I got older
and then it was kind of just very
disorienting and confusing and what was
the the sort of cost or the impact that
that confusion had cuz yeah you're so
right with schizophrenia in particular
when you can compare how your parents
are acting to other
parents that sort of disparity or that
like distinction must be quite it's
jarring yeah it's jarring when you're
young and you are at somebody else's
house and you see the way their mother
is talking and you see the way that the
family interacts and in your house when
that is different and my mother was a
very fun person very
eccentric um a free spirit her whole
entire life she had been it wasn't
hellish to grow up with her I I loved
her and she loved me a lot but around my
early teen years it became apparent that
something was wrong I think I was in the
car one
day and I remember she said there are
people that are following us but don't
worry they're protecting me and I found
that to be so crazy like
crazy right not only did she believe
that there were people following her but
that they were doing it to protect her I
thought that was so crazy and I remember
being young and hearing that and
internalizing that as something is
actually really wrong and I remember
thinking about it and telling a friend
of mine like I think my mother you know
is crazy you know and uh I I don't you
know and and that got Pro progressively
worse as I got older and what was the
impact of all of that on you like
growing up in that family home how does
that shape you and does that leave any
sort of fingerprints on you that still
with you today in terms of Comedy or who
you are yeah for sure um the
fragility
of mental health is something that I
understand in a way that other people
don't um I understand that
people uh can have a nervous breakdown
people can you know have uh you know a
stress related event that tips them in a
direction where you know I've had
friends that have had this right like
you know is a difficult uh thing to
understand at 12 or 13 but that was a
huge impact on me uh growing up uh was
basically your world is rocked a little
bit when someone is suffering from a
mental health issue you feel less secure
less safe
you kind of feel like uh something is
coming that isn't good you know
schizophrenia is a degenerative disorder
there is no real cure there are
medications that can um make uh the
effects less apparent for periods of
time those medications have really bad
physical side effects so watching my
mother go through a lot of like physical
side effects from those medications you
know rocking back and forth right uh uh
muscle twitches and things like that uh
was also very was very tough to watch as
you know as I got older and and and she
was medicated uh with some very strong
drugs to try to like you know I guess uh
mitigate the schizophrenia it's it's
very tough it's it's akin to a loved one
getting a physical ailment it's very
similar to that in the sense that um you
know you are saying goodbye in a way to
someone little by little and your father
your parents divorce around this time as
well yeah yeah and that sort of
confounds things I imagine yes I believe
that that was an event that probably was
uh I believe she was always a
schizophrenic there was always an
underlying predeliction for that I mean
from speaking to doctors this is what I
believe I believe that the divorce the
stress that was but she she initiated
the divorce I think there was a catalyst
for her to
feel perhaps vulnerable or or she you
know I think a lot of stress brought on
kind of the symptoms because I had never
there were always
indications uh she was kind of a again a
wild person right she would go out and
collect these Disney toy sets at
McDonald's she would collect Beanie
Babies she would pick up junk on the
street and say we're going to fix it up
and refurbish it and these are Antiques
and everything there was a lot of
compulsive obsession
obsessive kind of behavior um some of
the Behavior now you know a little
conspiratorial I do a joke now that
where I talk about it I go you know the
people that are uh saying the things
that my mother said for years are now uh
in Congress so uh you know had we known
about YouTube we could have thrown her
on there she would have made a good
living um you know really she would have
done well she was a personable woman but
yeah I mean that was that was tough
because was he was out of the house she
was there and she was struggling and
because I'm from an Irish Catholic
Family nobody talked about it and people
would use words like eccentric or she's
fun be like Patty's fun nobody would
really go wow I think she's got a real
problem and you're sort of 13 years old
so you're going through all of the you
know the stuff 13 year olds go through
figuring out life you got got any
siblings no okay it's just me okay just
me that's all the fun for me yeah just
one uh yeah it was just me do you think
you were parented from that point
onwards really no no I kind of grew up
and it's the generation to a degree as
well I think I'm more of an extreme case
because my mother cared about me and she
wanted you know she hated drugs and
alcohol she hated cigarettes she hated
all these things that if you know she
would you know find a thing she would go
nuts scream she was never like a
permissive person she did not encourage
any of my behavior she always wanted me
to succeed and she was always very you
know critical of of my behavior so there
was that sense there was parenting in
that sense where it wasn't a
free-for-all right but generationally
you know we just weren't parented the
way kids today are parented there were
no cell phones there was no uh you know
where is your location nobody was being
tracked you were able to spend hours on
your bike riding around the suburbs with
your friends you had a curfew you had to
be in by curfew you had to make sure
that your eyes weren't bloodshot when
you went home because you know you were
smoking weed for the entire time you
were gone um so there were things like
that but in addition to that which is
kind of a generational difference in
parenting there was just the idea that
she was dealing with her own issues and
my father was out of the picture so I
had this Freedom where it's kind of like
I of raised myself in a weird way a lot
of freedom and a lot of trauma by the
sounds of it yes yes yeah there was a
lot I would say um unprocessed for a
long
time and that tends to find an Avenue
unprocessed trauma right it tends to
find an Avenue for many years it was
drugs that was the Avenue which is where
a lot of it goes you know um and then
how old were you when you started drugs
I was I started smoking weed in 8th
grade and uh seventh seventh grade the
summer between seventh grade and 8th
grade uh I I smoked weed a few times in
seventh grade and the summer between
seventh and eth grade I we really ramped
it up we really you know um I was
friends with a a girl in my town who was
fun she was a a lesbian who rollerbladed
everywhere uh which I thought was an
interesting archetype and I still do uh
and she always was smoking weed while
she rollerbladed I thought it was a very
cool you know she was kind of a goth
lesbian who smoked weed and just kind of
very London to be honest and she would
just kind of rollerblade places high all
the time and I just became friends with
her and I said this seems like a good
way to live and uh I just you know
started smok of weed with her and then
very quickly you know within a year that
you know we were doing blow and acid you
know I dropped acid on stage in my
eighth grade graduation uh you know with
her and and another buddy of mine we you
know drop drop tabs of acid uh we were
doing ecstasy we're doing lines of
Special K it was a good time you know I
mean this was obviously a response to
everything I just talked about but you
know drugs are a lot of fun they have a
lot of
negatives but they that period of my
life was was a lot of fun and terrible
but you know that's why I haven't done
any of any drugs or had a drink in 14
years so I'm not advising it it's not a
course of action I advise but looking
back at it there you know were certainly
good
times I know that's unpopular maybe to
say I don't think that you know it
wasn't all terrible is my point but
don't do
it but you know what I mean but I
wouldn't have traded those moments for
anything but it's not a good thing to do
I would have rathered be like a hot
Surfer or have gotten into sports or
something what about were you comedic at
that age probably yeah I was always kind
of of a goofball so were were people
telling you at that age that you were
funny yes I would like to make people
laugh I you know would imitate uh we had
a teacher who died she was a smoker and
she died of lung cancer and she had a
voice like this and I would imitate her
in the back of class and I would be like
I'm here and I'm in hell now and because
of you you know things like that um and
I would I would just we would you know
it was always kind of like we' drive
around Long Island we'd smoke marijuana
in cars and I would point at big houses
that's kind of a lot of what we did you
know we drive in like rich areas because
no one was ever home no one's ever home
in these rich areas by the way to real
you know that's just something your
audience can take with them which people
don't they're never home so we would
just smoke pot and you know drive around
and then I would just try to be funny
and sometimes I would be funny and
sometimes I guess I would be annoying
but I was always trying to be funny what
was the um the age range of drug usage
in and was there a yeah a a rock bottom
I was going say a peak but it actually
goes the other way when we talk about
drugs doesn't it yes so the Rock Bottom
was I was 25 I owned a house that I had
bought with a subprime mortgage in a
town called Baldwin New York and I was
an alcoholic I had not come out of the
closet I had not done any kind of
stand-up comedy I was working at a
mortgage Bank in Long Island several
years after the mortgage uh um industry
had completely collapsed there was
really nothing to do it was an
incredibly depressing place I worked
next to a guy who uh was kind of losing
his mind he was just he was losing his
house but he was ordering koi fish for a
pond he wanted to have a nice koii Pond
and he would spend the majority of the
day his wife would call and screaming
him we have nothing we're GNA die and he
would always just call people and he'd
go what what size are the
fish and how many of the fish can I get
you know so everybody was kind of losing
their mind at that point in in this
particular
very Bleak office um you know kind of
industrial park in Long Island and I was
just sitting there trying to be a a
billionaire in real estate I guess and
uh I was hanging out with my friend's
father who who's passed away but he was
a really fun guy um he was such a fun
guy I was in two boating accidents with
him that's how fun he was most people
tap out after one boating accident I was
in two boating accidents with this man
um he had three dwe and a bewe a beee is
boating while intoxicated it's
incredibly difficult to get a boating
while intoxicated it's an actual
accomplishment he was a fun guy he never
had a job his whole life he sold
drugs um and his wife worked and I was
friends with his son I went to high
school with his son but this guy was so
much fun I we adored him there was one
time me and my friend were sitting at a
bar was an outdoor bar in Long Island
you know that kind of dumb Tiki Bar vibe
and his father came up to us it was me
and my friend and a few girls that we
were friends with and he said um I want
I want you guys like I'm going to buy
all your drinks and we said okay thanks
then he walked to the bartender he
pointed at us he pointed at himself the
bartender thumbs up we gave him the
thumbs up we said okay we never got the
drinks we forgot about an hour later we
got a tab that was like $2,500 we go
what what the hell's going on and the
bartender said you just you agreed to
pay that man's tap he pointed you you
said thumbs up he's been drinking here
for two days he has no money that's the
type of guy he was right he was just a
fun guy I mean you know so we would go
for out on Long Island from bar to bar
in his little boat he had like this
little little uh cigarette boat like a
real little you know and we'd go from
bar to bar to bar and one time I was 24
years old we we were going really fast
was late at night and we just ran up on
like a marsh and we were both thrown out
of the boat and I like I literally came
to in like a nest of egrets that bird at
those big white birds that and I was
just in the middle of and I felt to
myself I said my life is kind of out of
control that was the rock bottom that
was kind of the where I said to myself I
said you know what this is I could have
been paralyzed I could have been killed
I'm like this is probably not going to
end well if I keep drinking so I was
laying in that egret's Nest at probably
one o'clock in the morning in the middle
uh of you know the Long Island Sound or
wherever I was we were in the ocean
we're on VI in Freeport and uh I was
just basically going like this is a real
problem so then I went to to AA you know
I started I I was like this is this is
probably time to like fix this so you
made the decision to go to AA yeah I'm
trying to figure out how you get from
that egret's Nest yeah to that first AA
session because it doesn't seem like one
just wakes up the next day and goes okay
I'm going to go to AA well I it wasn't
the next day but I I woke up and what
what basically happened was I I was
around a lot of really uh end stage
alcoholics meaning like these people had
drank their entire lives I was hanging
at this bar called Lisa's Lounge which
was a bar in Long Island it was in the
town I lived in and up the block from
the house it was foreclosed was this bar
I could walk to it it was named I kid
you not after a woman who died in a
drunk driving accident her father had
named the bar after her she had died was
hit by a drunk driver and he named a bar
after her and people would to and she
her picture was on the I mean this is
unreal this is true her picture was on
the wall of the bar and people would
toast her T Lisa and everybody would get
it was it was a was a great community of
people and it was a lot of drugs and
alcohol and people that had uh you know
nowhere to go nowhere to go like the the
owner told me once he goes as people
doing coke on the pool table he goes I I
open this bar I swear to God he said
this because I opened this bar because I
really wanted people that didn't have a
place to go to have somewhere to go on
Christmas and then he just did a line of
cocaine and I said well that's a nice
thing at 24 years old I thought that was
a great thing um and I was just like
hanging out in this old man bar this was
not a fun bar this is not where you'd go
to get laid this was not a club this was
not this was the end the end a late
stage alcoholism after DEC ades people
found themselves here and it was so
close to my house I went there and um
that was you
know that was a wait every night when I
went to bed I I looked at their lives
and I said I'm young but this is where
I'm going this is where I'm heading I
had that example kind of right in front
of me and that together with my friend's
father together with that accident
started to basically I said I've got to
make a choice now or this is where I'm
going which seemed a little bit worse
than death sitting there in a bar every
night being afraid of who I was being
afraid of trying something in life that
I loved trying to make something of
myself sitting in that bar drinking my
life away felt like a a huge failure I
didn't want to fail so that's why I
stopped there was still something in you
there was still some kind of Desire or
fight in you which isn't always there
for some people who are in sort of that
late stage addiction there was some
reason to persist right yes well I
thought that I could have a better life
and that's all you need I think and I
think that that is the
primary motivating factor for anyone to
change anything in their life is that
they have the Hope or the idea they have
the imagination that they can have a
better life if you can conceive of a
better life so I said there's probably a
version of me that's not drunk every day
that's not working at a deadend job
that's doing something that he likes and
it was tough it's not hard to change
it's very difficult to change anything
but that was that was my you know moment
where I had that realization did you
know what that better life looked like
specifically or did you just know that
it existed well I I knew that it was
sobriety so I knew that it was being
sober I I didn't have a road mapap for
exactly what it would be but I knew that
it wouldn't involve sitting at a bar
getting drunk next to someone named
Marge you know for example right I knew
that it would be sobriety I knew that it
would be honesty and those two things go
hand in hand so that was what I knew and
I and I'd always wanted you know as an
actor as a little kid right from six
years old to 13 to 12 I acted I was in
theater I was in plays I was in Sesame
Street on on the show Sesame Street a
few times I toured around the country in
sixth grade with my mother right before
the divorce right before the onset of
her symptoms um with a a Broadway show
and and get your gun I I was an actor I
I liked performing I enjoyed that life I
had given up to do drugs when I was like
13 but then when I sobered up around 25
about exactly 25 I went to a standup
comedy open mic and that that was a
thing that kind of pivoted the direction
of my life so does this will around the
same time the AA meeting the first
standup comedy yes the AA thing in
particular was that difficult for you
because I I kind of understand the
12-step program and there's some quite
challenging elements of that 100% I was
also around this time a juror on a
murder trial this is something that I
shouldn't leave out because this really
did impact me as well there was a murder
trial in Long Island it was pretty uh
well known I was unknown to me at the
time I was selected but a a guy had
murdered uh the mother of his children
and he was an informant for the police
and they had failed to follow up on many
orders of protection uh that this woman
had against him because he was providing
them information they uh subsequently
after the verdict settled an $8 million
lawsuit with her family paid paid her $8
million so this was like a pretty big
case it involved police you know males
and things like that um and I was
selected as a juror and I really wanted
to be a juror on this case because I was
bored in my life and I thought that
maybe it would be interesting to be a
juror on a murder trial you know I
thought it was going to be something
stupid like someone fell in a Wendy's
and wanted $100,000 but I heard it was
murder one you know and I'm like well
that's fun you sit there every day and
every day it's just
mortality is is the theme of every
single day life her life his life his
life being taken you know him losing his
freedom her life being taken and that
really kind of impacted me too because I
was you going to bars every night
drinking after that thinking about life
and going I'm on a a really bad course
and I got to change and AA was tough it
was difficult because it's hard to be
vulnerable like as a comedian you hide
behind the jokes and the bits and things
like that but in that room you can't do
that so that is difficult the God thing
was difficult the higher power I had to
come to that in a in a different way
there's there are challenges you know
being honest is was a big challenge I
was like God they're like you have to be
honest and I'm like okay I can stop
drinking I could stop using drugs I
don't know if I could be honest that
seems insane look at the world we live
in why would anyone be honest that
doesn't seem to get you anywhere and
they were like yeah but if you are
become a liar and you're a compulsive
liar you will go back to drinking of
drugs that's the way it works so that
was the toughest thing for me and you
had to
forgive yourself you have to forgive
yourself you have to forgive uh other
people you have to make an inventory of
people you've wronged you have to go to
those people and say I apologize for
what I've done for taking money from
your drawer and using it on drugs for
lying to you for making you worry about
me these are all important things and
you have to do it and it's it's really
hard to do but it's important to get
over that hump that first standup gig
yeah that you do yeah how did you get on
it was an open mic and it was uh at a
coffee shop in Long Island in in a place
called Merck yeah it was s 25 years old
25 at the time it was 25 and it was also
a tattoo shop so you would hear like
tattoo needles as you if you weren't
doing well it
would and it would just be guys having
you know having their girlfriend's like
tattoos like changed because they were
no longer in the relationship so they
were like they were making them into
missiles and like patriotic things or
911 remembrances you know whatever the
case may be and occasionally they would
chuckle and then there was a few like
local people that liked comedy that
would come to the coffee house um but it
was kind kind of an everybody gets on
thing so that's the beginning of Comedy
it's like everyone gets on it's an open
mic you just go and you're on and it
went well it went as well as it could
have gone for the first time I got some
laughs certain things didn't hit but I
felt confident and I felt like I
belonged and I felt like I was doing the
right thing and I for the first time in
my life was
like I I felt kind
of certain that I would keep doing
this there was a certainty and for the
majority of my life I wasn't certain of
anything I was kind of trying different
identities out trying things out seeing
what would work and then this this was
like okay this is I'm good at this I can
get better at it and I like it enough to
work hard at it comedy comedy is um is
in an interesting time it appears as
someone that's not at all involved in
comedy at all because you have these
like for these two forces almost
colliding more so than I've really ever
seen in my lifetime which is good and
evil no I'm
kidding no but it's like correctness and
comedy yeah are at War it seems sure
well and even correctness is now yeah
made its way onto the stage of Comedy
yeah I I think
that there is
is always going to
be taboo subjects there's always going
to be things that are harder to make
funny than other
things there's always going to be a line
as George Carlin said your job is to
find out where the line is cross it you
know you got to get good at stuff to
make people laugh at stuff I like making
people laugh at stuff that is inherently
maybe a little darker because of the way
I grew up but I got to make sure those
jokes are funny enough so that people
will laugh at them and then there's some
people that will never laugh at them
there's some people that don't
understand comedy they take it very
literally they don't like it they like
to be bothered by it they get angry
about it they're unhappy about it
someone's making someone laugh somewhere
and they're
angry I don't know what to do with those
people I don't know how much we can pay
attention to those people I know many of
them write articles and you know uh you
know uh the monologue on television
about that they're upset about something
I just don't know uh how much attention
we've paid we've paid a lot of attention
to them over the last four years I think
people are a bit exhausted by it I think
people are a bit over it I think there
are people in society that they they're
allowed to have their reactions to
anything you do you're allowed to hate
me find something I've said offensive
disagree with me you can write about it
talk about it whatever you want to do I
it's really kind of not my business and
there's only so much attention that I
can pay to it I think that's kind of the
way comedians have to look at this stuff
they go like hey man we're we're making
jokes we're having fun you have the
right to be very angry about it and be
upset about it but I mean again that's a
little crazy in my estimation to be that
upset uh by comedians that have no real
power the thing about comedians we don't
have but now people say well you have
cultural power soft power whatever
that's sure but we don't have the type
of power that CEOs of large companies do
our job is not to you know move a
conversation forward our job is not to
it's our job is to be funny now if we do
some other things if we happen to shed
light on something that's good if we
move a conversation forward if we
illustrate a truth that's a great thing
and it's secondary our primary job is to
be funny and that can be that's being
wrong that's being stupid that's being
shortsighted it might be even being
bigoted if it's
funny we're not in the we're not in the
job of being right we're not in the job
of being correct there are people whose
jobs or they have to be right a surgeon
has to be right they can't just wing it
we are in the job of being funny so if
you confuse those things which a lot of
people out there do that's where you get
this tension you know but again I'm a
clown I perform at comedy clubs and
theaters I do a
podcast if I say something you don't
like there's it's really really an
infinitesimal chance that anything I say
is really going to have the gravity and
weight that these people think it does
um you want to be looking at other
people that have more power direct that
energy somewhere else you say direct
that energy somewhere else but I watched
that video of you getting um very irate
because yeah Rogan
uh yeah he gets canceled and you don't
and you say some pretty try to get
canceled yes you seem uncan in many
respects well no no no I'm not UNC
cancelable I'm a goofball I wear crazy
glasses I'm a comedian I say things that
probably are intelligent and sometimes
people will look at me and go that's a
good take a lot of the things I say are
completely absurd um
and I you know I don't even know which
is which when I say it because I do two
hours of broadcasting I've done it for
eight years and I don't know what I'm
going to say until I sit down and I talk
and some of the things I say that are
absurd start intelligently and some of
the things I say that are intelligent
maybe start absurdly and that's the fun
of it to me if I knew what I was going
to say or if I had an agenda if I wanted
to say a certain thing I would get very
bored very quickly but I just try to
look at stuff and go what do I think
what do I think I'm being told this
you know what what's my reaction you
know and that's kind of like what I try
to do but yeah I think I'm I'm goofy and
if people are mad at me they're kind of
they're they look stupid sometimes
because of how overthe toop I am about
certain things and how Wild and and
again a lot of it I think is funny right
so Joe has a different podcast he has
like a he has a podcast where sometimes
it's funny but he has very serious
people on he's the biggest podcast I
think in the world I think you guys are
maybe the second right you're up there I
have no idea you have no idea okay
clever but you know like he's hugely
successful and he you know does all
these really amazing interviews where he
researches and he reads books and he's
smart and he's talking to somebody and
I'm like shooting from the hip I'm just
going off the top of my head and like
halfway through a story I'll go oh no
and I'll just go the other way on it
because I'll realize I'll read sometimes
I'll read the third paragraph I'll be
dismissing the whole thing and then when
I get to the third paragraph I go oh
this is a problem so it it is and that's
what I think makes it
funny Joe Rogan yeah um going on his
show you you described that as being
really pivotal for you in your career
he's the most generous person that I've
met with his audience with his fan base
all he wants is other people to succeed
he brings on comedians he brings on
writers he brings on journalists he
helps them promote whatever they're
doing he has this huge fan base he
shares with people so I'm very lucky
that he he's had me on a show a bunch of
times and he's a very good friend and
like when I go on the show we just have
the conversation that we would have
privately we have it on a show so I
think that's why people like it
podcasting yeah it's I mean it's taken
on a life of its own what do you think
of podcasting I mean it's been on a bit
of a journey obviously there's um there
was this big I think podcasting was like
the ogs of podcasting like Rogan started
out and then ad Cara Joe Rogan Keithan
the girl show in New York City Mark
Marin those guys were in the very very
early before it was cool before anyone
was really like before the money was
there and then the celebrities show up
it was like a bit of an experiment for a
couple of years it seems Spotify kind of
roll back from that exp yes because they
have nothing to say um most celebrities
don't a lot of them uh uh you know are
invented people who are created in a
laboratory the laboratory is Cia uh my
agency and uh and they create a person
and they get um uh public relations
people they get lawyers they get all
these people business managers agents
they come in and they go this is who you
are this is what plays these are the
things you highlight about your past
these are the things we don't talk about
let's leave the Confederate flag at home
you know they create a person that
person then goes and they're now famous
um it's a terrible idea to give that
person a microphone and tell them to
talk for an hour it's terrible you know
many of these people aren't that
talented some of them are some of them
are amazingly talented some of them are
very kind of Bal people people tend to
think of Hollywood as this place where
it's all satanic pedophiles eating
children now undoubtedly some of that is
true but a lot of it is just very benal
boring people that have been created by
these
corporations that uh when you realize
how boring they are and then you look at
how much money they have and where they
live that's what will drive you nut
you'll go oh my God so that's why
podcasting is a really really bad idea
for these people they should be kept
somewhere they should have very managed
uh things where they come out on the red
carpet and they go how are you doing and
they just go climate change and then
walk into the auditorium and get an
award they should be allowed to speak
two to three words at once and they
should know what those words are
beforehand um it is a terrible idea to
give someone again the these people that
all of their interactions are with other
famous people all of their thoughts are
filtered through a prism of um you know
corporate lawyers before they can say
anything this is not what podcasting is
in in my estimation is there any
celebrity podcast that you think is I'm
sure there's some that are really good
this is not everyone right I'm sure
there are people that have really good
podcasts but like if we're just talking
in general about let's give aist actors
a microphone probably not the best idea
she's probably not the best idea you
know what's here because I know they
they gave Megan Markle money they gave
they give a lot of people money there
Spotify and you know and so I don't know
that that but that then they came out
and said we made a mistake we shouldn't
have given these people money do you
think you should have gotten the money
instead of course I absolutely believe
that but you know I I I can't compel
them to give me the money I can't compel
them I can't get a member of the royal
family to marry me and I would have
stayed in that castle no matter what
what was said and but I can't have that
happen so I can't you know Oprah doesn't
interview me so you got you you I have
enough money but the um sure you know I
I think it's podcasting to me the fun of
podcasting is being unfiltered free and
just having fun what's your assessment
of these sort of different Generations
we have these genzies Millennials and we
have the Boomers what's your read on
these well we've given up on the
children the future is not the children
uh the children are no longer the future
the future is AI the future is robotics
we're very clear on that we don't even
talk about the children anymore we talk
mainly about Ai No one's even said
anything about the children in months
years really uh we've given up on the
children they're dead-eyed little
monsters they're running around killing
each other we can't deal with it it's
very traumatic I've even stop thinking
about what they're doing because it's
crazy I'm more excited about AI than the
children just like anyone else who's
Reviving the economy of San Francisco
the children no AI so AI is next we
don't know what we're going to do with
the children build prisons that's what I
say for children um they're crazy um
they're being raised by algorithms
they're all on fent and all they're all
on drugs we all running around trying to
kill each other and and record it um
there was a case in Phoenix Arizona
these rich white kids running around
beating up kids at random filming it and
putting it on Tik Tok no motive nothing
just for clout just for things psych and
they killed a kid and finally now cuz
they're all white of course the cops
didn't do anything for a year and they
were like wow
just a couple of kids having fun killing
the other kids this is how people grow
up so this Gilbert Arizona Police
Department does nothing about the whole
thing finally they just arrested these
kids because they they killed somebody
but this is not only there I mean it's
kind of an epidemic where like all over
the place you see like you know young
people
unfortunately you know these crazy acts
of violence that are now being uploaded
for clout people going look at what I
did and what they did was like you know
assault someone this is a real problem
um so we have to deal with the kids in
some way jail them put I don't know what
to do with them but AI is Big A robotics
is Big that's what is next the Boomers I
have a book coming out about them I love
the Boomers they're a selfish generation
uh of people the the the the the state
of the Boomers these these paranoid
people who refuse to leave their
mcmansions they will not leave they will
not retire uh they Lord around their
houses uh they they they uh diminish
their children they say I can't believe
you don't own something like this they
like holding these houses over their
kids heads um they retire to bigger
houses they have thousands and thousands
of square feet they're very sick people
they refuse to give up their jobs
they're dying in the Senate they're
collapsing in Congress they will not
leave uh they will not seed any of their
power they're emotional
terrorists uh and uh and I grew up with
them they're very interesting people
they they've proven the LIE of the sick
s these hippies that everybody thought
were like Progressive they're actually
not they were always just selfish drug
addicts they never cared about uh
anything they purported to care about
they just wanted to get high and roll
around in the mud and then as soon as
the drugs changed from you know uh
whatever from uh you know acid to money
uh they you know became this very like
materialistic soulless group of people
but the funniest generation that has
ever lived nobody's funnier nobody's
funnier because to be funny like we
talked about you kind of have to just
not care about anything and there's no
generation of people that have cared
less about the future of this planet
about their children about anything than
the Boomers uh they're all little
islands and they all are about
themselves forever and ever and there's
something actually refreshing about that
funny um and they're holding the planet
hostage they won't die they won't leave
I've suggested they'd be forcibly
evicted from their homes and committed
to mental institutions legally we have
some problems that's not easy to do um
I've spoken to some lawyers there are
problems doing that um and then the
Millennials were this very shitty
generation of like pin a metal on me pin
a ribbon on me I'm right I went to the
right College I got the right internship
I believe the right things I tweeted the
right thing I did the right thing I have
all the right beliefs I have the good
politics I have this shower me with you
tell me I'm good cuz my Boomer parents
they don't care about me but you tell me
I'm good the world needs to fill the
void that exists inside of me uh and
these Millennials are these kind of
ambitious people that uh want to
constantly be patted on the back and
told how great they are so they're kind
of shape shifters that conform to any
popular sentiment that crowdsource all
of their opinions they just want whereas
the Boomers just kind of didn't care
about anyone or anything you have the
Millennials who are kind of like more
like I am good and you tell me that I'm
good because they're not they're good to
be told to be good their politics are
aesthetic they want everyone to look at
them to tell them how great they are and
then the Zoomers are the younger
generation after the Millennials they
seem to be you know somewhat like they
self-starters they're very skeptical of
Institutions they a little more cynical
that's some of their positive qualities
that they're more independent-minded the
negative qualities are the aformentioned
um murder and the filming of the murders
and the killings and the drugs and the
fentol vein AP and all of that that
seems to be less I mean we need a draft
to be honest you know now that I'm kind
of older and uh fat now we need a draft
young people should probably just go
into the military I I i' I've I know
that's going to be a controversial thing
to say but if they're just going to do
fent andol and attack each other in
malls and put it on Tik Tok they can go
die in the Ukraine so the B and can make
some
money are we still on
YouTube so you um would you consider
yourself to be optimistic about the
future there's a lot going on the world
no no I I I I I don't I I'm sane so I
don't I don't I I think there's good
things happening but I mean optimistic
about the future overall I don't know
that's tough to be maybe right I mean
you've got you got elections coming up
this year as well here in the US which
is well we all know elections solve
everything we all know that's where the
real power lies the elections now yeah
when you're talking about
refusing to linqu control and power the
boomer generation I was thinking a lot
about Biden there sure because it seems
like your presidency getting older and
older and refusing to yeah I mean Biden
seems to be a bit old Trump's old you
know Biden seems to be in a stage of
mental decline though he was really good
at the State of the Union they gave him
something they shot him up with
something which is great uh we have no
new talent in the country uh nobody
wants to be a politician anymore unless
they're psychotic you need young people
that care about about the country that
want to change it and what you're
getting now more and more is you know
all of the interesting people in our
country are and and the people that are
ambitious and the people that have
talent they don't want to be in politics
they want to be somewhere else it's more
fun to go to Miami and trade Bitcoin on
a yacht you know what I mean they just
don't want to be in politics they don't
want to do
it so you end up with these
octogenarian uh
drooling
somewhat uh you know like dementia
ridden elderly people who
are incapable of even understanding
what's happening because they don't even
know what it they barely know what Tik
Tock is Tik Tok is something their
grandchild shows them you know at some
party they're having in Maine they're
sitting on a on a hill in Maine eating
lobsters falling out of their mouth they
go look Grandpa look at the Tik Tock and
then they have to then go into Congress
and and hash this out no so I mean the
problem really is we just don't have
young people that care enough about the
country because the Press is going to
rip their lives apart right they're
going there's so much more money
elsewhere uh there's so much more and
the system so toxic and so corrupt they
go I don't want to get involved in that
they get a ban Tik Tok aren't they
they're talking a lot about B they're
talking about it I have no followers on
it so I'm I'm for the
ban you know for personal completely
personal reasons I'm for and I also
think it's prob I don't know I don't
know anything about it I I just know
that people are making a lot of money on
it and so if I say I'm for the band
people get angry with me it's not a good
it's not a good cultural Force but what
is do you have goals in terms of your
comedy and your career more generally do
you have like stated goals yeah I have
things I want to do I have you know the
Boomer thing I want to do a show about
Boomers I've always wanted to the book
is going to be a large part of that I
want to do either a movie or a show
there's something I find it's very funny
the way I grew up my friendss families
their parents were very funny people and
I want to do something that kind of
immortalizes that because they are about
to leave they are about to go and
there's something very funny about them
and I want to make something about I
think a lot of comedians maybe everyone
wants to do something about their
childhood or do something about how they
grew up or but you know I mine will be
good that would be the difference no I I
really like the idea of that that's a
goal just to tell that story is a goal
I'm banging on the desk I apologize um
and then it's just to keep making people
laugh and to keep having fun you know I
mean all the things that I there's
certain that that Boomer story is
something I want to tell you got to find
the right platform with the right medium
but that's something I want to do the um
the the all those early experiences that
you've had have quite clearly manifested
in your work in various ways you talked
about the unprocessed trauma from your
earliest years yes have you processed it
no no I mean I I process some of it some
of it I mean I don't know that I process
all of it I don't in in one lifetime
it's a tough thing to process all of it
but I process a good amount of it and
I've come to a point where there's
always more work to do you could always
be in a better place mentally and you
should try that you try to get there um
but I think I've done a good job of
processing it I lost my mother about six
months ago uh I think I don't know it
was August she died in August maybe
maybe six month um
and it was a very difficult thing to go
through because the her life was not
great at the end but it was in the
beginning she had a lovely amazing life
in the beginning her and my father were
married for 10 years before they had me
she loved surfing and boating and she
spent a lot of time in Florida and she
was kind of she's voted best looking in
her high school she was very very
attractive early on the front nine were
good the back nine were a little tough
but I had her out to my house um on Long
Island and the whole family was kind of
there we had a really nice day of
everybody my cousins my her sister
everybody being there and that was a a
good moment that's what I'm
remembering and it was you know she was
as good as she could be um I I try to
get more religious as I get older and
more faith I I think faith is a good
thing to have um you know obviously
religion being a Human Institution
there's there's pitfalls there's
problems you know we don't have to
rehash them um the idea of there being a
spiritual realm to me is I think very
interesting I think it seems to be quite
possible I think that people are more
than their bodies they're more than the
flesh they're more than there is a
spirit there and I think there was a
spirit in my mother that was trapped in
a very difficult situation and I think
that spirit is free and I think that's
the way that I feel about a lot of
things now is that I seem to be getting
more into this idea
of you know the physical not being
everything and that we we should develop
a spiritual side of ourselves and I'm I
I I looked at the struggles that she had
later on in her life and I was like
keeping her in a body and in a mind that
is actively fighting against her was a
selfish thing so letting her having her
be free I think is is the best you know
outcome it's a complex set of feelings
it is
is because there's grief on one end and
then there's something else on the other
right there's like a well there's relief
because she was in pain so when
someone's in pain and they
depart uh this world you are there's a
relief that you have because watching
them go through that is terrible it's
hard and this is people that suffer in
all kinds of ways so you know again I
think people are more than their bodies
and you know I think they are you know
the the soul I believe is a real thing I
believe the spirit is real and I was
raised Catholic there's parts of
Catholicism I don't Vibe with as much
obviously the terrible lineage of abuses
um but then there's parts of it that I
think are really good having a spiritual
Dimension to your life I think is really
good so you know I I look at it and I
would never say like it was time but she
had suffered greatly for a while and
having her out at the house and having
her be with everybody kind of for the
last time nobody knew she was going to
die but like that was just kind of a
moment where I think she might have felt
like it was okay to let go I don't know
if that's true or not have you have you
been to therapy to process I have I've
been yeah I'm not in it currently um
because I'm on tour but I and I haven't
been in it in a bit but I I certainly
have and I think it can be very good
I've been to therapy yeah it can also
not be good yeah it can also be yeah it
can also not be good but it can be good
cuz you presumably you want to have have
your own family Someday I'm presuming
perhaps yeah I mean I don't know I've
done I've done a lot of career stuff for
a very long time and I thinking the age
I'm at in your late 30s you kind of
start realizing that there's just a
ceiling not even career-wise but in how
happy it'll make you
so my career might get a lot
better uh but the the amount of joy you
derive from a
accomplishments as you get older starts
to dim and you actually start enjoying
other people's accomplishments you start
looking around Community makes you happy
being involved in things makes you happy
um helping people makes you happy it
starts to shift if you are you know on a
good path I think you start to shift
from like me me me look what I've done
to like hey can I help somebody or can I
be part of something that has a value
what's the the biggest side of you that
your audience don't don't understand or
don't know um because I've watched you
for years and I think I've watched a one
dimension of you yes a funny one
hopefully really funny but um that you
know I think everyone that they watch me
as well um is a human being and not
always on all the time and I think that
you know there there's a dimension of me
that you get on the show there's a
dimension of a lot of ENT you get a lot
of what I think on the show like if you
went out to dinner with me I and the
things that I'm saying on the show are
what I would say there like I would I'm
not going to have an opinion on the show
and then sit down and go well actually
this is the way I really feel everything
you hear is what I think and some of
it's really funny some of it's not um
but I think it's just like just a
dimension of like being a human being
apart from being a product right where
people just consume the things you're
saying and doing a lot of people
probably didn't
know a lot of this some of them did
because I'm pretty open about it but
like you know I think that a lot of
people just see one side of you where
here's a guy who makes everything funny
or tries to make everything funny but
then there are a lot of things too where
you know I've interested aren't comedy
I've interested or not you know my
career I've interested or not and I like
to you know you know talk about the
spirituality stuff that's probably
something that I don't talk about maybe
I'll bring it up it's like an aside but
there are interests that I have that are
varied but for whatever reason I'm like
it's not funny or it doesn't fit the
show that I'm doing so there's a show
and then there's a person right that's
not me that's every Entertainer
everywhere you'll show at the rural Lait
Hall that's coming up it's in a couple
of days time yeah um one of the things
that I I'm always shocked by with you
and youve said earlier is that when you
do your podcast or when you do these
sort of long long long form bits it
appears that you're basically
freestyling yeah what's going through
your head like I've always wondered when
if you're sat on Rogan or if you're sat
on your podcast and you know your
producer pulls up some article right do
you just kind of trust yes that you'll f
i it's what I used to do when I was a
drunk I would sit at a bar and talk and
now I just do that without alcohol like
I I've I I like looking at things and
trying to figure out what's going on and
trying to make them funny and that's the
value and the service that I provide is
like
here's a landscape of stories and
articles and things and what the hell's
going on and let let's see if we can
make it funny and let's see if we can
understand it on a deeper level because
there's so you know the Press has all
these agendas about like what they want
you to believe all over the place
leftwing rightwing whatever Centrist
corporate just buy things whatever it is
and what I like to do is look at them
and go well maybe there's a dimension
here that's more human that I can flesh
out because I'm looking at it I I don't
have an agenda I don't care either way
I'm not sponsored by the person in this
article I don't have a Alliance or an
allegiance to anything I'm looking at it
and going like what's the funniest take
and how does this you know how does this
explain something larger that's going on
that's interesting to me that's fun to
me I like doing that so I think it's
been successful because I enjoy it you
came out as G roughly sort of 25 years
old during that period of your time
during that period of your life very
late by today's standards most people
statistically today come out at the age
of
two you came so where did you fit love
into all of this you try to fit it as as
in into it as as much as you can you
know you try to you got to you know it's
hard because you travel a lot and it's
hard because you are spending a lot of
time doing things that are benefiting
you in one part of your life but
sometimes that hurts another part of
your life so you try to and again like
once you start like you know having
success it's so a lot of comics like
marry other comedians or somebody in
that world who gets it who understands
it so you know I think you know that's
been something I've seen and and that
works a lot of times like people are
really happy and bring up great family
is kind of in the world of Comedy
because their partner gets it but for me
I I don't know if that's going to I
don't want that really I would like
somebody who's completely like not
involved with this at all you dating yes
but not in not one person in like a
serious
way you know like just around and you
know kind of meeting people and seeing
like what's fun homosexuality is
slightly different so it's not like a
whole you know what I mean it's not the
royal wedding per se it's not like move
into the castle but maybe one day you
know have you ever been in a longterm
relationship with serious on and off but
not not serious where it's like again
like it's going to lead to marriage and
children there is kind of that
difference where like you know not that
gay people can't get married and have
kids and they can and have and blah blah
blah we know that but I personally have
not been in a relationship where it was
like this is where it's going and I
think it's a lot of it is because I was
just so hyperfocused on like trying to
figure out away to do this really hard
thing which was like be a comedian but
you know now I think I'm more open to
that stuff because like I said you know
you do some stuff you do some cool stuff
and then you like want to enlarge those
other parts of your life that you've
neglected I was the same for most of my
life but I actually think when I look
back I just had uh I think the first
model of what love is you learn from
observing your parents yeah uh oh yeah
but you're right you know and then you
go okay this is this is love okay so
this man this woman how they interact
and then you grow and you go that never
leaves your brain and you think is that
what I want that's right that's right
that's right yeah it is it is not but
you're right and a lot of it is an
excuse when when I go oh it's all the
Rel it's all the career that's me being
kind of a selfish person that you I
needed to be selfish to figure out a way
to like get to where I wanted to go but
you know I could have made more time but
I didn't right so it's like you know you
battle a lot in life with like the
things you want the things things you
think you want you know it's kind of you
want the thing you want the nice stuff
you want the nice cars you want the nice
things but then you realize that the
things you really like are the things
that you feel drawn to and you feel
drawn to obviously making people laugh
but you also feel drawn to being you
know in a like a situation where you're
being appreciated loved and you know
taking care of what you love about
yourself my ability to do it and keep
doing it and like I don't I'm not an
excuse person I don't uh I you know I
take rejection and I I kind of move on
pretty quickly I've done that since I'm
a kid um I have a lot of the qualities
that a lot of the
YouTube uh guys try to not not the go to
the gym every day and do this and do
that obviously but like I don't let
someone tell me something's not going to
happen I'll just keep going until I
figure out a way to make it happen on my
terms I like that about myself at all uh
um you know I like that about myself a
lot I think that that's a good quality
to have growing up the way I grew up
there's a version of me that's just a
drugie that's just on the street that's
dead that is blaming everyone else for
every other thing that's talking about
how you know whatever so many people had
it so much harder than me right I had a
mom that was sick and you know a dad
that was maybe not as involved as maybe
he could have been but they're both
really good people both very supportive
of me the drugs were something that I
did they you know what I mean like so
many people grow up in genuinely abusive
environments and they succeed wildly so
I'm inspired by people like that to I'm
not trying to say like it's woe is me or
anything but like I did come from a an
environment and I do have that thing in
me we all do where I could just offload
everything and say hey I didn't get what
I wanted it wasn't a perfect scenario
I'm GNA use drugs for the rest of my
life I'm gonna mismanage my money I'm
gonna go broke I'm gonna you know blame
everybody else I could have been that
guy I was that guy for many years and I
know who that guy is I'm happy I was
able to get rid of that that doesn't
mean the guy that I am now is a perfect
person not at all there's a whole host
of other problems you have once you get
rid of that guy but I'm glad I got rid
of that guy and what are you working on
now over there I mean everything eating
better sleeping better spending more
time with people going on dates and
listening to actually what people say
you know even if they're terribly
uninteresting as most of them are right
but you have to you know bless them you
have to God bless them they're children
of God you have to just kind of listen
and you did you majored
marketing so you know you but but all
that stuff I'm obviously I'm kidding but
like all the stuff that human beings
have to do their mental physical health
uh you know the way they balance their
lives it's it's all once you sober up
it's not like wow the Journey's done
it's like wow the journey can actually
begin and I can learn how to negotiate
all this stuff as a human being and you
fail all the time across the board but
what you don't do is you don't start
using drugs you don't start drinking you
don't start becoming a pathological liar
you don't start doing the things that
you used to do when you were out there
you know being the worst version of
yourself coping mechanisms yeah mental
health coping mechanisms what's what's
how is your mental health and um what
are your new sort of mechanisms for
managing mental health well I it's just
I think it's good I'm a comedian so it
can't be great if it was great I I
wouldn't have became a comedian probably
um I think talking to people you know
taking long walks again helping people
in Ling your life your spiritual life
trying to be a better
person is is what everyone should do all
the time I think that's what I try to do
I try not to get too caught up in you
know the insanity of the world of
spending too much time online looking at
the internet too much you know not being
around real people being in your head
obsessing about things you can't control
all of that if you can if you can find
ways to not watch the murders on Tik Tok
and and go somewhere else and just sit
on a beach or take a walk or do
something it's much better for your
mental health than just watching this
parade of insanity you know it is fun to
do I do it sometimes I have to do it as
part of my show but I think if you can
get away from it I as I get older I
spend less time online I grew up without
it and then it became your life and now
if you spend less time on it I actually
think you look at it as oh this
something I do for my career but then
you actually have a real life you can
read a book and go somewhere like that
to me has more value now than just the
scrolling and the endless that that to
me is a recipe for unhappiness we know
it too all these young kids we know how
bad it is we know how bad the effects of
a lot of this stuff are and we will lie
about it and all these tech companies
like there's no correlation between the
mass suicide and my new app which tells
them how to do it like there's no you
know there's no you know they have a new
app suicide or they're like that has
nothing to do with that um you know it's
like you know uh just filters which you
can kill yourself they go that has
nothing to do with what's happening it's
for entertainment the kids know it so we
know how bad this stuff is we know how
toxic it is um we're seeing it with
young people now the way we've never
seen it before and uh you know so I
think that's another thing your mental
health can be really dramatically
improved if you have a human human
interaction Elon obviously B Twitter and
that seems to have kind of balanced the
scales in terms of
giving one could call it Free Speech but
another outlet for people to just speak
in a more uncensored Freer way without
are you are you happy that he he bought
I think it was good yeah I mean listen
Twitter had become a
really unfortunate example of censorship
in American society itself you know as a
thing is
not a holistic thing it never was it was
always this kind of battleground where
people would just be crazy and you know
fight with each other and this that and
the other thing I don't know that it is
you know people say it's the Town Square
it might be I don't know if it is uh I
think it's good that he bought it I
think it's good that people could say
what they want to say again I I just I
think that at the end of the day it's
like whatever Twitter is for people if
they really enjoy it or they like it use
it you know their time when I enjoy it
and I use it there's times when I just
don't care as much and I'd rather put
those thoughts on my show and develop
them more I think that's you know where
I'm at do you ever get um bothered by
feedback you get sure everyone does
everyone does but I don't get a lot of
I've try to limit feedback because
feedback can work in two ways you can
also start doing something you think
people will like and then end up
destroying the beauty of what you do or
what you enjoy so I think when people go
well why don't you do more of this well
I don't like this this sucks do more of
that you shouldn't be in that head space
you should go out and do what you do and
then the responses to it are all valid
because the people that are having them
this is their reaction but you don't
have to consume their reactions as a way
to program your mind about the things
you create I think you can let them have
their reactions and you know you can
tell you know you can look and and you
know does what you're doing feel good
does it make you laugh is it funny do
people you trust and like enjoy it and
you know you know all in in comedy there
are metrics right there's all kinds of
things the internet there's all kinds of
metrics are people liking it do they buy
tickets do they are they enjoying it
people communicate in all kinds of ways
so your tour comes to the UK very very
excited I'm going to do my very very
best to make sure I'm I'm at least one
of the shows I would love to you go to
the one Finland where 19 people have
bought ticket no I'm kidding um that's
uh I love the finish a woman sent me a
message she goes it's not London and
it's not the Hampton but she goes it's
what we have and I'll show it to you and
I was like well I like that I like
someone who's very grounded like that
who really knows what it is but the
Royal ALB ho that's the iconic venue and
I'm I'm really happy to do it and I'm so
mad you're in Australia we would have
you know I'm pretty sure I'm in
Australia on that day aren't I cuz I
when I saw you post on Twitter that you
were were coming to London I sent it to
my team within about a millisecond and
said oh my god let's all get tickets and
then someone rebutted and said you're in
Australia at that time but you're doing
you're in Manchester and Liverpool as
well but the 7th of April the Royal
Albert Hall what what can one expect
from that show I think if
you are into
darker comedy if you like you know kind
of it's it's a lot of it's somewhat you
know topical to a degree I look back at
the year that we've kind of had and you
know I talk about stories that have
interested me in funny ways you know
obviously and there there are cultural
Trends in America and probably a lot of
them in Britain that you know we talk
about all these things a lot of the
things we've covered today whether it's
social media and it's effect on children
and mental health all of these things
are themed in the hour of Comedy right
and like people getting cancelled for
certain things and homelessness I talk
about because that's an epidemic in
American cities like drugs everything so
a lot of what we've discuss today it's
it's funnier
there and you um hopefully you I I think
I heard you say you were thinking about
potentially moving to London at one
point I want to I'd love to own
something in London I like one H High
Park but it's very expensive and the
reason that I like it is because it's
the most expensive residential real
estate building in the world no one
really lives there but you see these
young Saudi kids drive their Bugattis
and stuff and every now and then one or
two lights is on and it to me it
symbolizes the utter coldness and
emptiness of having
things and I think there's a beauty to
that there's something very interesting
about it you know that whole city of
London really interest me and I don't
mean the city of London I mean that city
of London that City within a city which
most people don't know about but there's
a great article in Vanity Fair read it
or don't the point is that whole area of
nightsbridge is very interesting to me
and oneeyed park is interesting because
the the
banality and the hollow of extreme
wealth really shocks we we tend to and
listen we know the rich are doing crazy
things right the mega Rich they crazy
the Yachts to this to that the epscene
stuff a lot of it not good regrettable
we understand it there's also an element
I think people don't understand and
that's the banality how boring how
passionless a lot of people are at that
level of and that's always made me you
would like to join the nightsbridge
crowd I I well to observe you know
they'll never let me in that's the other
thing I love about I'm addicted to
rejection right since I'm six I've been
auditioning and have no no so they'll
never let me in but it's just fun to
kind of look at and you don't even want
to be in per se cuz it's not fun that's
the thing it's not really that fun but
it is funny to me when I look at like
you know the secrecy and how you know
some of it really is really bad and
people are doing crazy things and
they're overthrowing governments and
that's probably 10% of them and then 90%
of them it's just they're fighting
extreme suffocating boredom
and the north of England's very
different as you've observed very
spirited Lively fun interesting I love
it there they like alcohol a little bit
more they have fun they have a lot of
fun I guess they probably Hackle you
more perhaps yeah I mean I haven't been
in the north this is my first time in
the north I've been to Glasgow which is
Scotland I've been in Dublin uh but this
is my first time in the north I did a
show the SEC first show in Dublin I did
last year one of the greatest shows I've
ever done second show uh was a late show
and it was just Dr so drunk they were
crazy and one woman screamed [__]
Catholics and then there was a big fight
in the audience and then I screamed at
them I said this is why Dubai is winning
this is why China is winning like look
at you people you're scream you all look
alike you all you look like me you all
potatoes screaming at other potatoes
that they're slightly different kinds of
potatoes it's stupid um and they like
that they cheered I said this is why you
guys are losers and and Dubai is taking
over they're building buildings that
reach the sky and and they all cheered
they understood you know
they get it I mean that's where I'm from
that's where culturally I'm from so
Dubai really is um doing well by by all
sort of economic account it is people
love it people love it you like it I've
never been you've never been I've never
been oh it's a beautiful clean people
like it seems like there's well that's
the themes right I mean this is this is
what you know we're seeing is that this
is what people want they want beautiful
clean and orderly and you know now
there's an underbelly there obviously
you know this is not ideal right um you
know but these are the things that
America is struggling with right now a
lot of our cities are in
disarray yeah I mean California is a
good example of a city in I couldn't
quite believe it because the um the
image we all have of California is Brits
is this beautiful clean no lie lies
Hollywood lies that's what we've seen on
our TV there are some there are some
beautiful parts of this state that are
incredibly stunning and you are but it
the people are Hollow they're empty they
don't exist all the people you meet in
LA are figments of your imagination
they're fractals they're not real you
didn't meet them uh they are an entity
of which they are they go between worlds
but they're not physically in reality
the way that you are or I am so keep
that in mind as you're navigating this
city that the people many of them that
you're seeing it's just kind of you know
some of them are attractive and whatever
but they actually don't meaningfully
exist in any way that you would
understand there's quite actually a as
you say that there's a thin line between
the two polar sides of La the extreme
like wealth and then the extreme poverty
there's like a thin line psychologically
between most of La is people waiting for
instructions that's what it is now
because everybody here is on the
chopping block from the CEO of Paramount
to a bus boy who's trying to get a
showcase uh to get a spot at the
Hollywood improv or maybe he wants to be
an actor whatever everybody in this town
is replaceable everybody feels that
everybody so everybody's waiting for
instructions nobody wants to act
everybody's waiting for somebody else to
let them know what's okay because that
is how the town works and people tend to
wait for a consensus to build before
they do something you know again they
don't believe anything the town is not a
town of people who believe things
they're they sit in their house they're
sitting you know you you look at these
house and Beverly Hills or wherever you
are Malibu they're just sitting like
this they're just sitting like this
they're very still and they don't you
know and then they go out the trainer
Works them out they go back and they sit
and they stare and they're waiting for
instruction waiting for the phone a call
they're waiting for an email they're
waiting to be told what to believe and
who to believe in and what reality is
the reality of today are fat women in
great get them on get a bunch of women
in this on oxygen machines what are we
in today are we doing something else
tomorrow are we back to hot people get
them they're waiting for instructions
they have no beliefs they are empty
they're Hollow they are vessels um but
it is pretty and the tacos are good the
um the thing that we've you know as
Brits we've watched America for so long
and we see California Hollywood we you
know we it seems glamorous we see New
York which looks like an amazing place
as well New York's amazing and different
I love I love New York I live an actual
City this is an idea
and not a good one and you said at the
start of this this you said the phrase
that like you can that it's bad advice
that you can do anything and be anything
but to us that's always been like the
American dream is you come here and then
you can do anything and be anything
that's what we see as the American dream
in the UK like the land of possibilities
you can become anyone and you rise to
the top and well yes we Market that
quite
well and sure I mean
listen yeah I mean could you yeah but
the reality of the situation is that
journey is a bit more involved than
people say when you go oh you can be the
president of the United States when you
tell a kid who's an e you know eight
years old or whatever you can be the
president yeah but the journeys have bit
involved you leave out a lot you leave
out a lot about the compromises that you
have to make to become the president of
the United States it's kind of like
telling someone they can be a superhero
yes I'm sure that you can be a version
of that but there's a little bit you're
going to have to do um I think it's a
very bad overall thing to tell masses of
people that they should without regard
to reality without regard to their own
uh limitations or their own without
regard to their own tolerance for work
and how much work they want to without
regard for any of that telling them that
they can just be anything they want to
be it's such a deeper conversation and
it's such a it's a catchphrase it's a
license plate it's something to put on a
shirt it's a bumper sticker it's not a
philosophy for life because there's a
lot more there's a lot more that goes
into that statement and I think that's
what I mean not that people can't do
great things people can absolutely do
great things I think people can do great
things in the UK too
right people can do things in the UK I
mean maybe the class systems a more
stratified there than it is here but I
just think that like you
know what we mean when we say you can be
whatever you want in America is you can
make as much money as you want that's
what we're really saying we're really
pushing this idea that the only rout to
happiness is this upwardly mobile
vertical where you have to grab
everything and be a boss and be an
entrepreneur and run an Empire and
that's the way to happiness that's not
the way to happiness that's what we're
pushing we're not telling everybody they
can be anything they want to be so that
we have a lot of challenges to like our
ideas and stuff we're not we're not
looking for that type of feedback we
just want people going out and working
themselves to death that's what we
really want when we say that you can be
anything you want to be the translation
is work yourself to death I'm going on
my
boat but this younger generation aren't
apparently working themselves to death
if you if you observe things like Tik
Tok where they're having like the makach
Chaka Frapp palates and doing the yoga
and the working at the big tech company
and quiet quitting some of them have
figured out that the country is a scam
and here's the good news they're not
wrong and when when you figured out the
country is a scam you can approach it
the way a con artist or a scammer would
approach it which is what a lot of them
do they invent mental health ailments
they don't have they take days off on
end they terrify their superiors into
resp ing their mediocre shoty quality of
work this is something that jenzy has
latched on to this is something that I
fully support um this is their way of
rising through the ranks they're taking
advantage of people that they work with
um and and uh you know making them
tolerate less and less work and work of
a lower and lower quality because
they've realized that a lot of this is
[__] so they're like why shouldn't I
get in on
it and there's obviously they're remote
working now as well that's a big thing
post pandemic which is
absolutely we've realized over the
pandemic I think a lot of people that a
lot of the things that we thought were
guarantees aren't and a lot of the
things we tended to believe in fervently
we at the very least right now question
I think young people are like why in the
hell should I spend 40 hours doing a job
I hate when I can pretend to do it and
threaten my boss if they try to fire me
and fake a mental illness that I don't
have and demand everybody conform to
what I want and then use whatever
diversity chips I have to go out and and
throw a scare into anyone that tries to
call me to account for any of my
behavior and I think that's a beautiful
thing I mean it's very interesting it's
really destabilizing a lot of uh Society
you know now obviously the same thing is
to shut those people up and say shut up
you have to do these things or get out
but nobody's going to do that they've
found the flaw in the system they've
kind of exposed the scam and once the
scam is exposed it's for all to be seen
and now everybody can kind of just
approach it the way it is everybody now
is kind of like even big companies
everybody's like in it for themsel and
just trying to figure out like how do I
get the most and there's nothing wrong
with that that's the most American thing
ever right is to try to get something
for yourself there's no there shouldn't
be any hate for that it's a bit silly
and ridiculous and crazy how they do it
but they're only taking the tools that
you've given to them and that you've
allowed them to use right so they use
these things you know they go why are
you late today they go I'm gay you go
don't worry about it you know like what
they're they're you it's the most
American thing ever to use the The
Playbook that someone hands you and goes
here's the Playbook and you go great I
have anxiety I have you keep coming into
my physical space it's great words you
keep coming into my physical space
you're using volume right now I have
anxiety I need time right now to I this
report is not ready but I need time
right now and I have and you know what I
need right now is just to be a little
quiet so it's great I mean I'm for it
let's talk about Zoe who you may know
because they're a sponsor of this
podcast and I'm an investor in the
company you guys know health is my
number one priority Zoe's growth story
has been absolutely incredible so far
they're doing science at a scale that
I've never seen before because of their
members and recent breakthroughs in
research they can now continue to offer
the most scientifically Advanced gut
health test on the market previously the
test allowed them to analyze 30 bacteria
types in your gut but now thanks to new
science they've identified a 100
bacteria types this is a huge step
forward and there's nothing else that's
available even close to it on the market
at all so to find out more and to get
started on your Zoe Journey visit
zoe.com
stepen you can use my exclusive code
ce10 for 10% off don't tell anybody
about that okay just for you guys I've
I've interviewed a lot of people about
AI experts at the very top of these AI
companies but you you mentioned it
earlier and I was when I knew you were
coming today I thought this is the guy I
need to ask about the future of AI
because as it relates to that generation
the thing that's going to disrupt them
but also many other Generations is the
Advent of super intelligence where you
know apparently all of the things we do
that report can be done by some kind of
robot or AI so you must have a a pretty
you know informed view about artificial
intelligence well listen it's affecting
the industry that I'm in greatly I think
I'm lucky enough and comedians are lucky
enough that we won't be replaced as
quickly perhaps as other people but it's
certainly going to disrupt the world of
writing the world of acting certainly
you know Tyler Perry just canceled an
$800 million expansion because he looked
at this new AI that was generating
locations he goes why do we have to have
on location shoots then you start
thinking about set dressers prop
companies all these things that will be
you know you know maybe unnecessary now
with AI so the business that I'm in it
it seems like and again not to be overly
dramatic about it but people are looking
at it like an apocalyptic event because
there are jobs that when we look at how
profoundly is going to impact a business
that just simply won't exist um you know
we have ai influencers now that are
actually because we've bred in this
country some of the least interesting
people on the planet and some of the
most interesting but some of the least
interesting people the most generic
people are making millions and millions
of dollars essentially just Hawking
products on the Internet it's all they
do they go someone asked me about my
skinc care routine and I thought I would
share something with you guys I'd share
a promo code with you guys because a lot
of people come up to me and they go your
skin is really glistening it looks
really good so I'm really excited to
share this promo and so those people
don't need to exist in fact they really
don't they don't exist as human beings
so they need to be just replaced by a
pixelated version of that an AI version
of that there's ABS now going from
Robert DeNiro to AI that's going to be a
thing going from you know uh Tina Turner
to AI That's a big deal going from these
people these generic barcodes with feet
these promo codes going from them to AI
is going to be literally unnoticeable
let it happen I saw an AI influence the
other day that had 200,000 followers I
was like oh my God yeah and there's some
with Millions there's that Linn what's
that Lynn AI influencer That's got
millions and millions and I was thinking
and then the crazy thing was the comment
section of like these men that were
genuinely messaging this AI influ very
healthy very healthy men yes genuinely
yes well you know not everyone's happy
with women at right now and this AI
woman might be you know doing better I
don't know if you if you'd play this for
you talked about robotics earlier AI
robotics people are getting lonier than
ever it seems like a lot of people in
the future are going to be dating these
AI sex that might be where I finally
find someone that respects my autonomy
and respects me and it might be someone
I like I mean I'm very open to that to
dating kind of an AI really
well I mean you never say never you
never say never I mean humans are over
we've had a run it's
ending um it's all around us that's why
I mean the whole thing about the
children no one cares politicians used
to talk endlessly about children and
families now the only reason children
come up is if they're using a bathroom
and it's a gender thing other than that
no one cares no one care they're only a
battering ram about like a cultural
conversation or whatever it has nothing
to do with like are they being educated
do are they going to have any money can
they own anything ever and you know all
these all these companies that own
everything now and they have have
excluded people have locked people out
of owning them the black rocks things
like that basically they're just having
they're just like the internet's your
home now that's what you that's your
home you can't own a house you can't own
anything but you own your avatar you
could date someone who's AI you can have
any comment on anything you want if you
know something comes out and you don't
like it you can type about it you'll
never own a thing you'll never own house
you'll never own a car you'll never have
any money uh the best parts of the world
will be colonized by the super rich the
rest will be ravaged by climate change
the good news is you can close the door
to your little pod talk to your AI
influencer and have an opinion but it
won't change anything and it won't
matter because you'll be living in this
world that we've created for you to feel
like you have a purpose but we've robbed
you of all of the things uh that you
could say uh that are yours and
everything that is yours even your own
thoughts we now own even your your
locations are digital the way you you
know where you park your memories are
digital we own all of that we've taken
everything from you the the physical
dimension of your life we've just
completely removed it we've let the
cities you used to love get invaded with
hordes of drug addicts and you're scared
to leave your home and isn't that NE
isn't that great because you don't
really need to leave your home anyway so
after we've taken all this from you
we're g to give you a nice AI influencer
today so am I optimistic about the
future the answer is yes what it's gonna
be beautiful what about men men are
struggling it seems yeah if you look at
the data there's men seem to be loner
than ever there's higher rates of sort
of suicidality there's lots of sort of
addictions pornography addictions and
stuff like that you know now we have the
sort of quote
unquote masculine influences emerging
that are presenting a set of answers and
telling them that they're losers and
those people seem to be the most
compelling to that group yeah well I I
think it's again I think that
dividing the world into interest groups
and having them only be interest groups
and you know giving our Humanity
away to this idea that we should all be
pitted against each other whether it's
men and women whether it's different
races whether it's different
religions at the end of the day it all
feeds the same type of isolation that
you're seeing now right it feeds that it
is an ideology that is not about
building anything it's not about
constructing something it's about
tearing something apart so when
everybody endlessly talks about how
terrible men are or that men are the
result of all of these horrible things
happen because of men and that you know
having a man in something or uh giving a
man an opportunity for whatever re now
obviously men do great in the world
right so even as people hear me say this
they're going to get angry they're going
to go no every every president's been a
man well but no the reality is you know
hearing if you're a young guy you're a
young uh boy goes to school and you hear
that you're toxic and there's traits
about you that are toxic and that you're
contributing to a
worldview uh that is unknowingly or that
you're inherently racist or that you're
inherently sexist learning that and
hearing that and feeling that and
everything else I just talked about this
world that is harder and harder to stand
out in it's harder and harder to get
something that feels like it's
worthwhile it's more difficult now to
carve out a space for yourself for
everybody you know but I think nobody
wants to hear men talk about it nobody
wants to hear men commiserate about the
difficulties and the challenges they're
having because I think a lot of people's
knee-jerk reaction is to just tell men
you've had it good shut up nobody wants
to hear you that's terrible these are
also the same people who talk about the
importance of mental health how
important it is to to talk about mental
health so I think we have to we have to
stop stop pitting people against each
other and stop you know tearing
everything apart and start to build
things based on values and the values
cannot be just this rampant tribalism of
you're a man you're straight you're gay
you're white you're black you're
indigenous you're I think we have to
build it on values like what do we
believe what do we believe and then you
should be around like-minded people who
believe the things you believe and they
all don't have to be the same thing
America's very big country the people
that live in Malibu California don't
believe the same things the people that
live in Louisiana that's okay we're all
going to die if we keep trying to
convince each other to think the way
other people think there is not a bigger
waste of time on this planet than for me
to go to people and convince them to
have the same thoughts I'm having and
the same experience on this planet that
I am having the way forward is to
respect people's differences and to
create a world where different people
can thrive and Andrew Tate has shown up
as kind of a symbol for that group of
people with the Lamborghini and the
muscles and the fighting and the money
and the women and yeah and it that's
drawn in a big group of men who say you
know well you know I I think I met
Andrew Tate I've had him on my show and
he's very very very lovely to me he was
a nice guy I think what he speaks to and
he says wacky things like everyone does
like I do like a lot of people do he's
not again he shouldn't be a
senator um but I think what he speaks to
is that desire that a lot of people have
a lot of men have to be respected they
want to be respected and they want to do
things in life that bring them respect
and I think he's preaching certain
things that can get you respect can
raise your status as a male now some of
those things have negative connotations
and some of those things might have
unintended consequences but the things
he's talking about it's easy why young
people understand why they would want to
have money and have status and you know
be in good shape and all these things
that are you know somewhat demonized you
know potentially by people but then also
at the same time coveted meaning that a
lot of the people that demonize the
initates of the world are doing the same
thing he's doing in another way nobody
would ever you know if you're if if
someone goes and celebrates female CEOs
they would never be criticized it would
actually be a great thing if I had an
event for women leaders if I had an
event for women leaders and I got up and
I said these women are rich you have
money you have status look what you've
done it would be cheered this would be
the Aspen ideas confer this would be
anywhere right now what Andrew tat said
to man among other things that are
probably not all great but one of his
things is go get your financial status
up because that's how you're going to
get respect in this world world is by
having money and not relying on other
people that is demonized endlessly as
this crazy thing that is terrible and
the worst advice for men to get and he
says yes it'll get you women by having
these things it'll get you women and
then people demonize that they go how
dare he that's crazy but on the flip
side if I'm celebrating the material
accomplishments of women that's in our
culture great and telling girls that
they all should be girl bosses and they
all should get material things and own
your house and own a company and be so I
think there's a little bit of a double
standard where we're kind of we look at
the Andrew Tates of the world we we
completely demonize the idea that
they're telling men money gets you
status these things get you status they
get you women however on the other side
we're constantly telling uh young women
that career oriented goals are the most
important thing in
life we have a closing tradition on this
podcast when the last guest leaves
question for the next guest not knowing
who they're going to leave it for
interesting wow that's a good one oh I
think you know this person but I okay
but but interesting after I say the
question can you tell me who it is well
that violates the rules a little bit
okay all right all right then I won't
violate the rules but you you would be
able to figure it out if you if you
cared enough to figure actually we we
turn these into cards which are over
there so it's a stack of cards and if
you turn over your question the question
you well if you if you find this
question in there you turn it over and
you scan the back of the card it will
show you answering it so you would be
able to figure it out oh interesting
okay so I have to leave a question for
the next person and you don't know who
that's going to be either do I answer
their question first yeah you answer
this one first okay who should you have
apologized to but didn't and why good
question
um Megan Markle because when she
launched her Lifestyle
brand American Riviera Orchard
which is a beautiful collection of
glasswear and dishes for the upwardly
mobile
woman I really thought I had doubted her
level of shamelessness I am now I
respect it I like it I'd have lunch with
her I've come full circle on
her using all of that um Social
Capital uh about this supposed racist
treatment you received using all of that
Social Capital to launch a Lifestyle
brand so that people have glasses of
which they can drink chardonay in in
Santa
Barbara perfect so I am sorry Megan that
I had ever doubted you I am on board now
in a major way and if there is a job for
me at American Rivier Orchard three
words that don't really make sense
together but yet sound lovely I would
love to I would love to be uh I'd love
to be considered for a position so
you're a fan of Megan markles now big
time Big Time it's gone the other way
often with me it does I'll criticize a
person for being sort of grotesque and
then they start to own their
grotesqueness and it makes them you
inevitably have to like them because
they're just so Shameless you just go I
like this I I Adore this you know like I
saw I saw her and she's like American
Riv Orchard mono it's just so funny it's
everything she supposedly hates which is
privilege and class and all that stuff
and it's just right there you know it's
great it's it's it's actually fun and it
gives me hope for the
future I sense you wen't being serious
with that answer but I am I would
apologize to her I would say to her I
doubted you and uh you know and I I am
kind of deadly serious about that Megan
Markle is at her Essence okay a climber
this is all she is a Hollywood act she's
a climber look where she's climbed
look where she's climbed she's living in
a mansion monoco she's got all these
idiots like she has climbed that we're
not talking about her character we're
not talking about that and I'm hitting
the desk again we're not talking about
her character we're talking only about
the results you have to give it to her a
lot of seist actresses end up a lot of
places very few of them end up in
Buckingham Palace or our version of
Buckingham Palace which is Monaco so
good for her I'm not going to let you
leave until you give me
another answer another answer about who
I should have apologized
to I don't know I've apologized to so
many people
um I guess my grandmother who died I
should have been more apologetic about
you know when I was a a druggie and when
I was out there and how much she worried
about me I think people tend to not
realize how much anxiety their
behavior causes like I didn't realize
how me going out and staying out late
and doing these things she just spent a
lot of time worrying about me and she
was such a positive force in my life if
I could speak to her again I would
apologize
for you know how how you know
inconsiderate I
was Tim thank you thank you thank you so
much you know I've um
you've you're potentially my favorite
comedian and I only say that because
I've never seen you live but I
absolutely um you've given me so many
moments of joy laughter amongst a life
that sometimes difficult I'm not going
to say I've got a very difficult life
these days but sometimes I struggle like
everyone else of course and in those
moments I actually find myself
gravitating towards you because I think
you represent the other side of my brain
which I'm not sort of publicly allowed
to you know um investigate as much cuz
it your humor is so unacceptable at
times that it is so wonderful well thank
you so much and it's rare in a world
where people are increasingly scared I I
always it's funny the amount of times
I've played Clips or videos of yours to
all of my team here way before you know
we I knew we were sitting down sitting
down together is incredible and to hear
that you're coming to London and you're
going to be doing the show is very very
exciting and I would recommend everybody
every single person to go and get
tickets to Tim dillan's tour called
American royalty it's the American
royalty tour and we're we're all over
the UK and Royal Albert's the you know
the penultimate the really the great one
you know but then there's also places
like Finland and other places that uh
you know are are are of less importance
to me and the world thank you so much
the links to your tour are all Below in
the description below so everyone can go
and get those um go get those tickets
right now before they all sell out so
Tim thank you thank you for being thank
you for everything you do and I don't
think you'll ever you're probably not
very good at taking compliments I can
kind of see that yeah I'm not cre it but
I'm I'm usually being yelled at but
thank you thank you for having me on I
really enjoyed
[Music]
this
oh